What an incredible Cinderella story! This unknown, comes out of nowhere, to lead the pack at Augusta. He's at the final hole. He's about 455 yards away, he's gonna hit about a 2-iron, I think. Oh, he got all of that. The crowd is standing on its feet here at Augusta. The normally reserved crowd is going wild...for this young Cinderella who's come out of nowhere. He's got about 350 yards left, he's going to hit about a 5-iron, it looks like, don't you think? He's got a beautiful backswing... that's- oh, he got all of that one! He's gotta be pleased with that! The crowd is just on its feet here. He's a Cinderella boy. Tears in his eyes, I guess, as he lines up this last shot. He's got about 195 yards left, and he's got a, looks like he's got about an 8-iron. This crowd has gone deadly silent... Cinderella story, out of nowhere, former greenskeeper, now about to become the Masters champion. It looks like a mirac- it's in the hole! It's in the hole!

So if I asked you about art you’d probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo? You know a lot about him. Life’s work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientation, the whole works, right? But I bet you can’t tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You’ve never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling. Seen that. If I asked you about women you’d probably give me a syllabus of your personal favorites. You may have even been laid a few times. But you can’t tell me what it feels like to wake up next to a woman and feel truly happy. You’re a tough kid. I ask you about war, and you’d probably, uh, throw Shakespeare at me, right? 'Once more into the breach, dear friends.' But you’ve never been near one. You’ve never held your best friend’s head in your lap and watched him gasp his last breath, looking to you for help. And if I asked you about love you probably quote me a sonnet. But you’ve never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone could level you with her eyes. Feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you…who could rescue you from the depths of hell. And you wouldn’t know what it’s like to be her angel and to have that love for her to be there forever. Through anything. Through cancer. You wouldn’t know about sleeping sitting up in a hospital room for two months holding her hand because the doctors could see in your eyes that the term visiting hours don’t apply to you. You don’t know about real loss, because that only occurs when you love something more than you love yourself. I doubt you’ve ever dared to love anybody that much. I look at you; I don’t see an intelligent, confident man; I see a cocky, scared shitless kid. But you’re a genius, Will. No one denies that. No one could possibly understand the depths of you. But you presume to know everything about me because you saw a painting of mine and you ripped my life apart. You’re an orphan right? Do you think I’d know the first thing about how hard your life has been, how you feel, who you are because I read Oliver Twist? Does that encapsulate you? Personally, I don’t give a shit about all that, because you know what? I can’t learn anything from you I can’t read in some fuckin’ book. Unless you wanna talk about you, who you are. And I’m fascinated. I’m in. But you don’t wanna do that, do you, sport? You’re terrified of what you might say. Your move, chief.

The point is, ladies and gentleman, that greed, for lack of a better word, is good. Greed is right, greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its forms; greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge has marked the upward surge of mankind. And greed, you mark my words, will not only save Teldar Paper, but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA. Thank you very much.

I don't know what to say really. Three minutes to the biggest battle of our professional lives, all comes down to today. Now either we heal as a team, or we're gonna crumble. Inch by inch, play by play -- till we're finished. We're in hell right now gentleman. Believe me. And we can stay here, get the shit kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back, into the light. We can climb out of hell, one inch at a time. Now I can't do it for you, I'm too old. I look around I see these young faces and I think, I mean, I made every wrong choice a middle aged man can make. I, uh, I pissed away all my money, believe it or not, I chased off anyone who's ever loved me, and lately I can't even stand the face I see in the mirror. Y'know when you get old in life things get taken from you, I mean that's that's that's part of life. But you only learn that when you start losin' stuff. You find out life's this game of inches, and so is football. Because in either game, life or football, the margin for error is so small, I mean, one half a step too late or too early and you don't quite make it, one half second to slow or to fast, you don't quite catch it. The inches we need are everywhere around us. They're in every break in the game, every minute, every second. On this team we fight for that inch. On this team we tear ourselves and everyone else around us to pieces for that inch. We claw with our fingernails for that inch. Because we know when we add up all those inches that's going to make the difference between winning and losing. Between livin' and dying. I'll tell you this in any fight it's the guy whose willing to die who's gonna win that inch, and I know that if I'm going to have any life anymore it's because I'm still willin to fight and die for that inch. Because that's what livin' is. The six inches in front of your face. Now I can't make you do it. You gotta look at the guy next to you, look into his eyes. Now, I think you're gonna see a guy who will go that inch with you. You're gonna see a guy who will sacrifice himself for this team because he knows when it comes down to it, you're going to do the same for him. That's a team gentlemen and either we heal now as a team or we will die as individuals. That's football guys. That's all it is. Now, What are you going to do?

Let me have your attention for a moment! So you're talking about what? You're talking about...bitching about that sale you shot, some son of a bitch that doesn't want to buy, somebody that doesn't want what you're selling, some broad you're trying to screw and so forth. Let's talk about something important. Are they all here?

Well, I'm going anyway. Let's talk about something important! Put that coffee down! Coffee's for closers only. Do you think I'm with you? I am not with you. I'm here from downtown. I'm here from Mitch and Murray. And I'm here on a mission of mercy. Your name's Levene? You call yourself a salesman, you son of a bitch? You certainly don't pal. 'Cause the good news is -- you're fired. The bad news is you've got, all you got, just one week to regain your jobs, starting tonight. Starting with tonight's sit. Oh, have I got your attention now? Good. 'Cause we're adding a little something to this months sales contest. As you all know, first prize is a Cadillac Eldorado. Anyone want to see second prize? Second prize's a set of steak knives. Third prize is you're fired. You get the picture? You're laughing now? You got leads. Mitch and Murray paid good money. Get their names to sell them! You can't close the leads you're given, you can't close shit, you ARE shit, hit the bricks pal and beat it 'cause you are going out!!! The leads are weak. leads are weak? You're weak. I've been in this business fifteen years. YOU, that's my name!! You know why, Mister? 'Cause you drove a Hyundai to get here tonight, I drove a eighty thousand dollar BMW. That's my name! And your name is you're wanting. And you can't play in a man's game. You can't close them. And you go home and tell your wife your troubles. Because only one thing counts in this life! Get them to sign on the line which is dotted! You hear me, you animals? A-B-C. A-always, B-be, C-closing. Always be closing! Always be closing!! A-I-D-A. Attention, interest, decision, action. Attention -- do I have your attention? Interest -- are you interested? I know you are because it's or walk. You close or you hit the bricks! Decision -- have you made your decision for Christ?!! And action. A-I-D-A; get out there!! You got the prospects comin' in; you think they came in to get out of the rain? Guy doesn't walk on the lot unless he wants to buy. Sitting out there waiting to give you their money! Are you gonna take it? Are you man enough to take it? What's the problem pal? You. Moss.

It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark... and we're wearing sunglasses.

As you know, I'm quite keen on comic books. Especially the ones about superheroes. I find the whole mythology surrounding superheroes fascinating. Take my favorite superhero, Superman. Not a great comic book, not particularly well-drawn, but the mythology. The mythology is not only great, it's unique. Now, a staple of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When that character wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic Superman stands alone. Superman didn't become Superman. He was born. When he wakes up in the morning, he's him. His alter ego is Clark Kent. His outfit with the big red S, that's the blanket he was wrapped in as a baby when the Kents found him. Those are his clothes. What Kent wears - the glasses, the business suit - that's the costume. That's the costume he wears to blend in with us. Clark Kent is how he views us. And what are the characteristics of Clark Kent? He's weak, he's unsure of himself, he's a coward. Clark Kent is his critique on the whole human race. I'm calling you a killer. A natural born killer. You always have been, and you always will be. Moving to El Paso, working in a used record store, goin' to the movies with Tommy, clipping coupons. That's you, trying to disguise yourself as a worker bee. That's you tryin' to blend in with the hive. But you're not a worker bee. You're a renegade killer bee. And no matter how much beer you drank or barbecue you ate or how fat your ass got, nothing in the world would ever change that...

I tested positively toward negative, right? So no. I tested perfectly this morning, meaning I tested negative. But that's a way of saying it. Positively toward the negative.

I have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke.

Why can't we use nuclear weapons

The last questions are much more difficult, like a memory question. It's like, you go Person, woman, man, camera, TV. So they say, Could you repeat that? So I said, Yeah. So it's person, woman, man, camera, TV. And then, 10 minutes, 15 minutes later Remember the first question, not the first but the tenth question? Give us that again, Trump said. And you go person, woman, man, camera, TV. If you get it in order, you get extra points! They said Nobody gets it in order... They say That's amazing. How did you do that? I do it because I have, like, a good memory.

I can only say to our soldiers that our hearts, the hearts of all the old National Socialists, are with them. They are soldiers' hearts. How many of us were riddled with bullets in the Great War! How many were wounded! How many fought in the ranks! With flaming hearts, all of them watched the campaigns of our armies in the past year. Every single battlefield meant so much to them. It was a tremendous satisfaction to them to see that that for which through long years of terrible misfortune they had once shed their blood, and yet had not been able to achieve, was at last an accomplished fact. How proud they are today of their sons, of the young soldiers of the Third Reich. No one is more fitted to tell them this than the old party members, those old soldiers, who, when they returned from the Great War, refused to endure the disgrace they found at home and immediately began a new struggle within the country, the struggle against the destroyers of our country and of our home. Thus, we; National Socialists are now facing a new year of struggle. We all know that it will bring great decisions.

Now, therefore I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, by virtue of the power in me vested as Commander-in-Chief, of the Army and Navy of the United States in time of actual armed rebellion against the authority and government of the United States, and as a fit and necessary war measure for suppressing said rebellion, do, on this first day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty three, and in accordance with my purpose so to do publicly proclaimed for the full period of one hundred days, from the day first above mentioned, order and designate as the States and parts of States wherein the people thereof respectively, are this day in rebellion against the United States, the following, to wit: and which excepted parts, are for the present, left precisely as if this proclamation were not issued. And by virtue of the power, and for the purpose aforesaid, I do order and declare that all persons held as slaves within said designated States, and parts of States, are, and henceforward shall be free; and that the Executive government of the United States, including the military and naval authorities thereof, will recognize and maintain the freedom of said persons.

The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room.

Someday, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, accept this justice as a gift on my daughter's wedding day.

A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. A hour of wolves and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down, but it is not this day!

Didn’t see the first shark for about half an hour a tiger thirteen footer. You know how you know that when you’re in the water, Chief? You tell by lookin’ from the dorsal to the tail. What we didn’t know was our bomb mission had been so secret, no distress signal had been sent. They didn’t even list us overdue for a week. Very first light, Chief, sharks come cruisin’. So we formed ourselves into tight groups…the idea was, the shark comes to the nearest man and he starts poundin’ and hollerin’ and screamin’. Sometimes the shark go away. Sometimes he wouldn’t go away. Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya, right into your eyes. Y’know, the thing about a shark, he’s got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll’s eyes. When he comes after ya, he doesn’t seem to be livin’ until he bites ya, and those black eyes roll over white, and then – aww, then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin’, the ocean turns red, and in spite of all the poundin’ and the hollerin’, they all come in and rip ya to pieces in that first dawn, we lost a hundred men. I don’t know how many sharks, maybe a thousand. I don’t know how many men. They averaged six an hour Noon the fifth day, Mr. Hooper, a Lockheed Ventura saw us. He swung in low and he saw us and he come in low and three hours later, a big fat comes down and start to pick us up. You know, that was the time I was most frightened waitin’ for my turn. I’ll never put on a life jacket again. So, eleven hundred men went in the water, three hundred and sixteen men come out, and the sharks took the rest, June the 29th, 1945. Anyway, we delivered the bomb.

I’ll tell you how I feel about school, Jerry: It’s a waste of time. Bunch of people runnin’ around bumpin’ into each other, got a guy up front says, ‘Two plus two,’ and the people in the back say, ‘Four.’ Then the bell rings and they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or somethin’. I mean, it’s not a place for smart people, Jerry. I know that’s not a popular opinion, but that’s my two cents on the issue.

Oh it gets darker… Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures. First thing that’s different, no more dad. He threatened to turn me in to the government, so I made him and the government go away. I replaced them both as the defacto-patriarch of your family, and your universe. Your mom wouldn’t have accepted me if I came home without you and your sister. So now you know the real reason I rescued you. I just took over the family! And if you tell your mom or sister I said any of this, I’ll deny it. You’ll deny it… And they’ll take my side, because I’m a hero. And now you’re gonna have to do whatever I say. Forever! And I’ll go out and find some more of that Mulan, Szechuan Teriyaki dipping sauce. Because that’s what this is all about. That’s my one-armed man! I’m not driven by avenging my dead family! That was fake. I-I-I’m driven by finding that McNugget sauce. I want that Mulan McNugget sauce! That’s my series arc. If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce, Szechuan sauce.That’s what’s gonna take us all the way to the end. Season… nine more seasons. Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce. For 97 more years, Morty! I want that McNugget sauce, Morty.

Morty, you gotta flip ’em off. I told them it means peace among worlds. How hilarious is that!

After rewatching it... its nice to have one video that separates out the differences, but there's still a lot of semantic. You’re semantic. David's Jewish? I’m anti-semantic. These jokes only work here. I would never utter them elsewhere. Cancel culture has run amok! Otherwise we'd get crucified. Ho boy. :JJJ_laughing: Classic jews amiright? -the romans I'm legitimately loling :dark_kermie: in like the way where you know you shouldn't but you keep going. Meh, give it three days and you'll get over it :JJJ_laughing: :buddy_jesus: I've got a real spear in my side over the course of this discussion. I think you nailed it. Should have just left it hangin.

Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.
Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don’t know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I’ll hit somebody with my car. So sue me.
If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and him, I would shoot him twice.
I saved a life. My own. Am I a hero?… I really can’t say, but yes!
No, I’m not going to tell them about the downsizing. If a patient has cancer, you don’t tell them.
An office is not for dying. An office is a place for living life to the fullest, to the max, to… an office is a place where dreams come true.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it’s not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised.
Sometimes I’ll start a sentence, and I don’t even know where it’s going. I just hope I find it along the way.
Do I have a special someone? Well, yeah, of course. A bunch of ’em. My employees.
They say on your deathbed you never wish you spent more time at the office — but I will.
Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order.
I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one someday."
I’m an early bird and a night owl. So I’m wise and have worms.
Well, it’s love at first sight. Actually, it was… no, it was when I heard her voice. It was love at first see with my ears.
The most sacred thing I do is care and provide for my workers, my family. I give them money. I give them food. Not directly, but through the money.
I wanna be married and have 100 kids so I can have 100 friends and no one can say no to being my friend.
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It’s every parent’s dream.
You know what they say Fool me once, strike one, but fool me twice… strike three.
I know it’s illegal in Pennsylvania, but it’s for charity, and I consider myself a great philanderer.
Two queens at casino night. I am gonna drop a deuce on everybody.
I don’t understand. We have a day honoring Martin Luther King, but he didn’t even work here.
I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious.
Now, you may look around and see two groups here. White-collar, blue-collar. But I don’t see it that way. And you know why not? Because I am collar-blind.
And I’m optimistic because every day I get a little more desperate.
I am Beyonce, always.
It’s not like booze ever killed anyone.
And I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do.
The worst thing about prison was the dementors.
There’s no such thing as an appropriate joke. That’s why it’s called a joke.
Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that’s baloney, because grief isn’t wrong. There’s such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.
I say dance, they say How high?
Tell him to call me ASAP as possible.
Presents are the best way to show how much you care. It’s a tangible thing you can point at and say, Hey man, I love you this many dollars worth.
You ignorant slut.
I want you to rub butter on my foot… Please? I have Country Crock.
There is no greater feeling than when two people who are perfect for each other overcome all obstacles and find true love.
I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers.
About 40 times a year, he gets sick but has no symptoms. He is always gravely concerned.
There were these huge bins of clothes and everybody was rifling through them like crazy. And I grabbed one and it fit! So, I don’t think that this is totally just a woman’s suit. At the very least it’s bisexual.
Any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. Because they are un-understandable.
When the son of the deposed king of Nigeria emails you directly, asking for help, you help! His father ran the freaking country! OK?
I had a great summer. I got West Nile virus, lost a ton of weight. Then I went back to the lake. And I stepped on a piece of glass in the parking lot, which hurt. That got infected. Even though I peed on it.
Friends joke with one another. Hey, you’re poor. Hey, your mama’s dead. That’s what friends do.
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
He is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate. So he’s not really a part of our family. Also, he’s divorced, so he’s not really a part of his family.
Saw Inception. Or at least I dreamt I did.
She's cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train and she wasn’t moving, you might think she was dead.
Number eight. Learn how to take off a woman’s bra: You just twist your hand until something breaks.
I don’t come up with this stuff, I just forward it along. You wouldn’t arrest the guy who was just passing drugs from one guy to another.
I love my employees even though I hit one of you with my car.
I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up, I would definitely not go.
This is our receptionist. If you think she’s cute now, you should have seen her a couple years ago.
Like right here is my favorite New York pizza joint. And I’m going to go get me a New York slice.
Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that’s always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing.
I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers.
Nobody likes beets! Why don’t you grow something that everybody does like? You should grow candy.
It takes you thirty seconds to brush your teeth? Wow, that’s ten times as long as it takes me.
I took her to the hospital. And the doctors tried to save her life, they did the best they could. And she is going to be OK.
Yes, it is true. I am signing up with an online dating service. Thousands of people have done it, and I am going to do it. I need a username. And I have a great one. Little Kid Lover. That way people will know exactly where my priorities are at.
People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy.
Nice to meet me. How do you like your eggs in the morning?
I’ve got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this.
OK, too many different words from coming at me from too many different sentences.
The people that you work with are, when you get down to it, your very best friends.
Webster’s Dictionary defines wedding as ‘the fusing of two metals with a hot torch.'
Granted, maybe this was not the best idea, but at least we care enough about our employees that we are willing to fight for them.
I guess the attitude that I’ve tried to create here is that I’m a friend first and a boss second and probably an entertainer third.
Pizza: the great equalizer.
Reverse psychology is an awesome tool. I don’t know if you guys know about it, but, basically, you make someone think the opposite of what you believe. And that tricks them into doing something stupid. Works like a charm.
I am part English, Irish, German, and Scottish… sort of a virtual United Nations.
If you don’t like it you can go to the back of the bus, or the front of the bus, or drive the bus.
If you break that girl’s heart, I will kill you. That’s just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl’s heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family.
My mind is going a mile an hour.
It’s a pimple. Avril Lavigne gets them all the time, and she rocks harder than anyone alive.
Is there something besides ‘Mexican’ you prefer to be called? Something less offensive?
It just seems awfully mean. But sometimes, the ends justify the mean.
No, Rose, they are not breathing. And they have no arms or legs… Where are they? You know what? If we come across somebody with no arms or legs, do we bother resuscitating them? I mean, what quality of life do we have there?
Abraham Lincoln once said that, If you’re a racist, I will attack you with the North. And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace.
They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you’re lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that’s crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad.
Here it is, heart of New York City, Times Square… named for the good times you have when you’re in it.
Two weeks ago, I was in the worst relationship of my life. She treated me poorly, we didn’t connect, I was miserable. Now, I am in the best relationship of my life, with the same woman. Love is a mystery.
You will not die! Stanley! Stanley! Barack is President! You are black, Stanley!
I want today to be a beautiful memory that the staff and I share after I have passed on to New York. And if He is a part of it, then it’ll suck.
I think Angela might be gay. Could Oscar and Angela be having a gay affair? Maybe! Is that what this is about?
That was offensive and lame. So double offensive. This is an environment of welcoming and you should just get the hell out of here.
Oh, this is gonna feel so good getting this thing off my chest… that’s what she said.
Well, well, well, how the turntables.
We’re all homos. Homo… Sapiens.
You cheated on me? When I specifically asked you not to?
I don’t want any special treatment. I just want you to treat me like you would some family member who’s undergone some sort of serious physical trauma. I don’t think that’s too much to ask?
I enjoy having breakfast in bed. I like waking up to the smell of bacon, sue me. And since I don’t have a butler, I do it myself. So, most nights before I go to bed, I will lay six strips of bacon out on my George Foreman Grill. Then I go to sleep. When I wake up, I plug in the grill, I go back to sleep again. Then I wake up to the smell of crackling bacon.
Hate to see you leave, but love to watch you go. ‘Cause of your butt.
Well, happy birthday, Jesus. Sorry that your party’s so lame.
It’s a good thing Russia doesn’t exist anymore.
Do you think that doing alcohol is cool?
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
It’s simply beyond words. It’s incalculable.
That’s what she said!
You’ve just physically assaulted an employee. Can we talk in private?
Yes. Of course. What’s this in reference to?
It’s never too early for ice cream.
When I discovered YouTube, I didn’t work for five days.
Occasionally, I’ll hit someone with my car. So sue me.
I saved a life — my own.
You want to hear a lie? I think you’re great. You’re my best friend.
That has sort of an oaky afterbirth.
I learned a while back that if I do not text 911, people do not return my calls. Um, but now people always return my calls because they think that something horrible has happened.
I have cause. It’s beCAUSE I hate him.
I live by one rule: No office romances, no way. Very messy, inappropriate… no. But, I live by another rule: Just do it… Nike.
I’m not a millionaire. I thought I would be by the time I was 30, but I wasn’t even close. Then I thought maybe by 40, but by 40, I had less money than I did when I was 30.
I’m not usually the butt of the joke. I’m usually the face of the joke.
The rules of shotgun are very simple and very clear. The first person to shout ‘shotgun’ when you’re within sight of the car gets the front seat. That’s how the game’s played. There are no exceptions for someone with a concussion.
You are as creepy as a real serial killer. For real.
You all took a life here today. You did. The life of the party.
I fell in love with these kids. And I didn’t want to see them fall victim to the system. So I made ’em a promise. I told them if they graduated from high school, I would pay for their college education. I have made some empty promises in my life but, hands down, that was the most generous.
My philosophy is, basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don’t, ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or, or where you’ve been. Ever. For any reason. Whatsoever.
Nobody should have to go to work thinking, Oh, this is the place that I might die today. That’s what a hospital is for. An office is for not dying. An office is a place to live life to the fullest. To the max. To… an office is a place where dreams come true.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take. Wayne Gretzky.
I… declare…. bankruptcy!
It is St. Patrick’s Day. And here in Scranton, that is a huge deal. It is the closest that the Irish will ever get to Christmas.
It’s Britney, bitch.
You don’t know me, you’ve just seen my penis.
I’m sinking a few, you know. Swish, swish, swish. Nothing but net. And their jaws just dropped to the floor. African-Americans!
That kid is the worst. Needs to be fired
He’s not the worst. OK? He’s not the worst. You know who’s the worst? That intern we had a few years ago. That guy. Remember? That face, how ugly he was? He was the worst. Good worker, though.
When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this was before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture, of a horse, that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. I was five! Five years old. Couldn’t even talk yet.
We are great friends. We hang out a ton, mostly at work.
As it turns out, you can’t just check someone into rehab against their will. They have to do it voluntarily. They have to hit rock bottom. So, I think I know what I need to do at this point. I need to find ways to push her to the bottom. Um. I think I can do it.
They always say that it’s a mistake to hire your friends. And they are right. So, I hired my best friends. And this is what I get!?
The only time I set the bar low is for limbo.
Don’t ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what.
It takes an advanced sense of humor. I don’t expect everyone to understand.
I’m not gonna cry over it. I did that in the car on the way home.
The only thing that could make this day better is ice cream.
Those things are like ticking time bags. Alright? Think about it.